We are living in critical times.
Hard to deal with.
Many people have lost all hope.
And servants of Jehovah are not free from trials.
We may face loss of property.
Loss of health.
Loss of loved ones.
We may experience deep emotional trauma.
Or even imprisonment for our faith.
Our trials are similar to those of Job.
A faithful servant of Jehovah who was so saddened that he once asked,
why didn't I die at birth?
Perhaps we've had moments like that.
But why should we not lose hope?
Because with every trial comes Jehovah's support.
Support received in many forms.
Material support.
Emotional support.
And spiritual support.
And while Jehovah will not remove all our trials now,
we trust that with his support,
we can endure them until they disappear in the real life to come.
Psalm 34, 17 and 18 says,
they cried out and Jehovah heard.
He saves those who are crushed in spirit.